Ali | Amir / Storybook for components (#2009)
binary-com/deriv-app: packages/components/stories/remaining-time/README.md

# RemainingTime component

> To get duration between two times use this component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component is used to get duration between two different times.
```

## Usage
 
```jsx
import { RemainingTime } from 'deriv-components';

const DummyComponent = (props) => (
    <RemainingTime 
        start_time={props.start_time} 
        end_time={props.end_time} 
        getCardLabels={props.getCardLabels}
    />
);
```

## Props

| Name                     | Type                | Default            | Description                                                                                                              |
|--------------------------|---------------------|--------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | start_time               | {object} moment     | null               | Start time in momen object format                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| start_time               | {object} moment     | null               | Start time in moment object format                                                                                        |
```
